all right so what you're about to watch
is just one of those super crunchy
moments in my life that was
unfortunately captured on camera
all right so for us Casey Neistat is the
dude he's the guy they give us that
spark of motivation and inspiration to
start making videos and two years ago we
really didn't have much but what we did
have was one a burning desire to launch
a movement that would inspire young
people from around the world to seek and
embrace discomfort and to figure out a
way to travel the world together and
live moments who remember for the rest
of our lives and every single morning
before we started filming would wash one
of Casey's vlogs and gain motivation but
before we go any further I just want to
say Casey thank you so much for being
someone we can look up to and learn so
much from so last year we were invited
to VidCon and I definitely don't want to
be incentivizing this kind of behavior
but we knew Casey was going to be there
and we knew he was going to throw a huge
party a huge Samsung party and we snuck
in okay I'm about to show you some of
the footage of us sneaking into Casey's
party and then I'm going to show you the
super awkward interaction I had with him
but I'm also going to bring Matt amar
and Erin in for them to watch that
footage for the first time I'm 100%
getting roasted I just think that the
one objective we should have is
relegated to keep the Tea Party show up
and it's invite-only what do we do it
isn't I know there's no way Samsung and
Casey are collaborating and the security
is like myocyte all right before we go
any further just so you know this was
shot in vertical because we were
shooting it for snapchat discover and -
we had those terrible haircuts because
two weeks before VidCon we were in Japan
and we got samurai haircuts creators mom
oh no what j'adore that is
I am in a hotel life I think that there
is also a second one off-site I don't
have the address to that avoiding
etcetera now they're all separated I
think the goal is to get somebody to be
nice and that person doesn't look like
he's away and I don't like that I feel
like a cocky gathered so alright
we've now gone to the point where I see
Casey let's now go get the others and
watching this awkward video boys time
for the roast you ready oh
haha well thing for me dude I like to
watch this I wouldn't I want to
gain control of the computer for instant
replay so that make already feel a
monster I just know TVs awkward
interactions I just talked way too much
is there all oh my god David over good
leg - it's like debugging like favorite
people or the circle like oh god oh god
oh god oh my gosh oh oh
I wouldn't say like a year ago for me
and for my friends staying one-bedroom
apartment and Montreal watching your
blog every day alright now we've moved
on you plus so right and watching
yourself like a sofa not like how are
you worth every day when we were like a
nice young girl I quit hired like no I
can't right now
[Music]
oh my god are you talking to oh oh oh
the first two sentences I was so fine
nice getting stories classic oh I think
you did why are you telling me this is
immediately circulating Casey if you're
watching this we just want to tell you
something answer our King emails we
promise we won't disappoint you advise
you to come wing-walking with us like
six times but we haven't got an answer
so please next time you're in LA we
would love to have you over for dinner
in our backyard
Tomas in there and our incredible cooks
we want to give Thomas and other chance
at redemption and our house is boosted
right away from where you like staying
in Santa Monica
on another note if you're watching this
video this worked last time we did it
and I think we can do it again I believe
in you tweet this video ad Casey nice
tat hopefully he'll notice us and maybe
come over and hang out with us and we'll
introduce them to yes dear I'll be off
we'll see you on Sunday
[Music]